README.md, before:

# 30 Days CSS Animation Challenge

Welcome to my **30 Days CSS Animation Challenge** repository! 🎉

Over the next 30 days, I'll be creating and sharing one CSS animation project per day. The goal of this challenge is to improve my skills in CSS animations and explore creative ways to design interactive web elements.

## Challenge Goals
- Enhance my CSS animation skills.
- Experiment with different animation techniques.
- Build a consistent habit of coding daily.
- Share my work and inspire others to start their own challenges.

## Projects
Each day, I'll add a new project folder to this repository containing:
- The animation project.
- A short description of the animation.
- Code files (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript if needed).

### Project List
| Day | Project Name      | Description                | Demo Link   |
|-----|-------------------|----------------------------|-------------|
| 1   | Flaoting Text     | Text Animation             | [Flaoting Text](https://github.com/AlaaMhesan/CSS-Animation-30-days-challenge/tree/main/The%20Project/Floating%20Text) |
| ... | ...               | ...                        | ...         |

## How to Use
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   https://github.com/AlaaMhesan/CSS-Animation-30-days-challenge.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project folder of your choice.
3. Open the `index.html` file in your browser to view the animation.

## Follow My Progress
I'll be sharing my progress on LinkedIn and other platforms. Follow me to see updates and provide feedback:
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alaa-almhesan/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/AlaaMhesan)

## Contribute
Have suggestions or ideas for animations? Feel free to open an issue or share your ideas!

---

Let's make the web more animated! 🚀

Commit message:

Update README.md (add the Text Rotator the Content link)

README.md, after:

# 30 Days CSS Animation Challenge

Welcome to my **30 Days CSS Animation Challenge** repository! 🎉

Over the next 30 days, I'll be creating and sharing one CSS animation project per day. The goal of this challenge is to improve my skills in CSS animations and explore creative ways to design interactive web elements.

## Challenge Goals
- Enhance my CSS animation skills.
- Experiment with different animation techniques.
- Build a consistent habit of coding daily.
- Share my work and inspire others to start their own challenges.

## Projects
Each day, I'll add a new project folder to this repository containing:
- The animation project.
- A short description of the animation.
- Code files (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript if needed).

### Project List
| Day | Project Name      | Description                | Demo Link   |
|-----|-------------------|----------------------------|-------------|
| 1   | Flaoting Text     | Text Animation             | [Flaoting Text](https://github.com/AlaaMhesan/CSS-Animation-30-days-challenge/tree/main/The%20Project/Floating%20Text) |
| 2   | Text Rotator the Content    | Text Animation             | [Text Rotator the Content ](https://github.com/AlaaMhesan/CSS-Animation-30-days-challenge/tree/main/The%20Project/Text%20Rotator%20the%20Content) |
| ... | ...               | ...                        | ...         |

## How to Use
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   https://github.com/AlaaMhesan/CSS-Animation-30-days-challenge.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project folder of your choice.
3. Open the `index.html` file in your browser to view the animation.

## Follow My Progress
I'll be sharing my progress on LinkedIn and other platforms. Follow me to see updates and provide feedback:
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alaa-almhesan/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/AlaaMhesan)

## Contribute
Have suggestions or ideas for animations? Feel free to open an issue or share your ideas!

---

Let's make the web more animated! 🚀
